This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Good morning, Bella!
Morning, Nana.
How did you sleep?
Just great, thank you.
Good, there's tea for you.
Oh, thank you.
And I'm going to go check on
the new recruits
and give them some food.
Okay. See you in a bit.
Sounds good.
Okay.
Where is...
Finnegan!
Come over here.
This one's for you.
Bella, would you like to say
goodbye to Cupcake?
She's going home with her new
family today.
Oh, yes, of course I would.
Oh, Cupcake, we are going to
miss you.
Good luck, guys.
Just give us a call if you need
anything, okay?
I've gotta run, Maddie is back.
Okay, sure.
Here's your little Cupcake.
Hey, Maddie.
What do we have here?
Hey, Bella. Special delivery.
Oh, look at you, girl!
What's your name?
Indie, as in Independence.
Aww. Hi, Indie!
I'm Bella. It's very nice
to meet you.
Was she a police dog?
Military, just came in
from Kandahar.
Oh, well then you have training.
Okay, come on out.
Hey, hey.
Sit.
Good girl!
Do you want a cookie?
All right,
let's go have some fun, huh?
Wow, she's got a lot of energy.
Yeah, you think so?
Bella:
Did she ever see combat?
Yes, but her file's gone AWOL.
Still tracking it down.
Okay, here we go.
Will you get her settled?
I just have to organize
everything for the luncheon.
Maddie: Yeah.
Okay.
Bye, Indie. Nice to meet you.
Okay, you stay here!
Ready?
- Hey!
- Hi!
- Sorry we're late.
- That's okay.
Smoothie emergency at
the juice bar.
Oh no! Is everything okay?
Did the machine break down?
Ran out of strawberries.
Oh, well, everyone is absolutely
loving your juices.
Except for this little guy
right here.
Well, sir, just so you know,
the dog refreshment center
is right over there.
Thanks, see you in a bit.
Yeah, sounds good.
- Hello.
- Hi.
I don't believe we've met.
I'm JR.
Bella, hi.
It's nice to meet you.
You too.
Are you here for an adoption?
No, I think I'm a little old
for that.
I meant a dog.
Ah.
Well, we're just about to start
the luncheon
and talk about sponsorships
and adoptions
if you would like to stay.
Sure. Yeah, why not.
Okay, well, help yourself
to some food, fresh juices.
Hi, everyone,
thank you so much for coming.
As most of you know, this rescue
center was started 25 years ago
by my grandmother, Lily.
Oh! And it appears our newest
guest has arrived.
This is Indie, she just arrived
this morning from Kandahar...
Whoa, hey.
Bella: And we are so happy
to have her.
And thanks to all of you,
we're going to be able to give
Indie a new life.
I also wanted to extend a very
special thank-you
to Stockard Pet Foods.
They have continued their
generous support
and have been with us
since the beginning,
so thank you, Stockard!
All right, well,
enjoy the afternoon.
Let me know if you need anything,
and thank you again for coming.
Hey.
So sorry about that.
We were just walking past,
I don't know why she decided to
crash the party.
That's okay.
Looks like she made a new
friend, though.
Who was that?
I didn't recognize him.
Oh, uh, yeah, I don't know.
He said his name was JR.
Did you scare him away?
Okay, I'll take her back
to the kennel.
Okay.
Come on!
It's open.
Welcome back!
Dale. It's good to see you.
You as well.
How long has it been?
Almost 10 years.
Does it feel good to be back?
Feels good not to have to shave
for a while.
How long are you staying?
My next tour is in 45 days,
so I've got a leave until then.
Well, that's great.
I spoke with
Rachel Montgomerie earlier.
How are things going with
the closing?
Good.
What's next for you?
Rachel asked me to stay on to
continue running the company.
Well, after 20 years,
you know the business better
than anyone else.
Dale:
I'd better get back to work.
Good to have you back.
Here's your good-night cookie.
'Night, night.
Are you ever going to stop
tucking them in for the night?
Aww, no. 'Cause they deserve
all the love I can give them.
Nothing makes me happier
than when they go
to their forever homes,
getting all the love and
care they need.
You're a doll. You know that?
- I love you, honey.
- I love you too.
'Night, sweetie.
See you in the morning, okay?
- Goodnight.
- Goodnight, kids.
Sleep tight.
You're not feeling this,
are you?
All right, you can come
hang out with me.
What do you think?
All right.
Whoa! All righty.
Okay.
Bella:
What's wrong, girl?
You don't seem very happy.
Want to bunk with me tonight?
Okay, let's go.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
Your tea.
Just give me two seconds.
- Hi!
- Muffins...
Bella:
I will take her for you.
- Here she is!
- Oh my gosh, Maddie,
you need a suitcase
for all of those.
How's Indie doing?
Uh, she's a little uneasy.
Have you had any luck
finding her file?
No, but I've requested it.
Okay, yeah, I think it will be
helpful if we can find out
a bit more about her past.
Well, meanwhile she'll be just
fine here with us, won't she?
Yes.
Just don't get too
attached, Nana,
you know the rules.
You made them.
Lily: I know, I know. You keep
that there, lovely girl.
Maddie, do you mind if I give
you this little munchkin?
Hey, Miss Indie,
you want to go for a walk?
Does that sound fun?
Come on.
Let's go this way.
All right, let's go.
"We regret to inform you that
Stockard Pet Food
"will not renew its annual support
"of Bella's Rescue Center as of
the date of this letter."
What?
This is unbelievable!
And it's so abrupt.
It doesn't make any sense.
And Dorothy
was your best friend,
she would be appalled
that this is happening.
Yeah, she would.
She loved this place.
But she died
two years ago, Nana,
and no one has so much as
mentioned stopping the funding.
They could have at least given
us a little bit of notice.
Yeah.
You know what?
I'm going to go over there
and see if I can figure
this out.
All right, good. Do you want
to take this with you?
Yeah, thanks.
I'll be back in a bit, okay?
Okay.
How are sales coming along?
Lots of people are stocking up
before the changeover.
Good. Good.
In fact, I have a big customer
coming in in about five,
so I should get back to
my office.
Sure, I need to get back to
the house, anyway.
- Good to see you again.
- Dale: Same here.
JR?
It is JR, right?
Bella, yes. Hi.
Do you work here?
No. No, I don't.
It was my parents' company.
Oh, so you're JR Stockard of
Stockard Pet Foods.
Yes, I am.
Well, now I know why you
ran off so quickly
and didn't fully introduce yourself.
Why did you come
in the first place?
Lily was my mom's best friend.
I wanted to say hi.
Really.
Yes, I haven't been back here
in 10 years,
and since I just sold
the company,
I thought it would be nice
to drop in, say hello.
You thought it would be nice.
Were you planning on breaking
the bad news
to my grandmother in person?
I'm sorry, but I don't have any
idea what you're talking about.
Then why did you run off
so quickly?
Because you thanked Stockard.
I don't own the company anymore.
Or at least I won't
in a few weeks.
I didn't know what to say.
Well, you could have said that
you're leaving us
high and dry with no notice.
High and dry?
I don't know anything
about this.
Well, surely your parents would
have told you something.
My mom loved the center.
She loved dogs more than
she loved people.
That's all I know.
You can't expect us to just pick
up the pieces in five minutes,
JR, that's unreasonable.
I'll look into it.
I'll call my lawyer.
I just don't know that there's
that much that I can do.
This is going to be devastating
for my Nana.
Hello, JR.
Who's this?
Hi.
Rachel Montgomerie.
Bella Channing.
I run the dog rescue center
next door.
Rachel owns a line of
pet food stores.
And she's bought Stockard.
Oh.
Would you excuse me,
I'm very sorry.
I have to get back
to the house.
Will you tell Lily
that I'll come by?
Thanks.
Rachel.
Oh, Rachel, um, I don't know
if this is a good time,
but maybe we could talk.
I got this notice from Stockard
Pet Foods this morning.
Do you know anything about it?
Of course, I practically
own the place now.
Just a couple more weeks and
a few documents away.
Well, maybe you could come by,
I could show you around,
convince you to reconsider.
I'm so sorry, Bella, it's just
not part of the business plan.
In fact, I'm planning to knock
the entire place down.
Wait, what? You can't do that.
Well, why not? I own it.
At least, I will soon.
Uh, no, my grandmother owns it
and she would never sell it,
to you or anyone.
I'm so sorry to disappoint you,
but your shelter and the house
are on Stockard property.
I'm sure your grandmother must
be aware of this.
And as soon as I get possession,
I'm gonna have to get you
to move.
Oh, that reminds me.
I have something for you.
Here you go.
Oh, how'd it go?
We have 60 days to get out.
What?!
Yeah.
Come on.
Well, this is nonsense.
We bought this land from George
and Dorothy 25 years ago.
They severed off 10 acres.
We spent our life savings
buying this land,
and then we built the house
and the shelter.
We own it outright.
Then why are they saying that
Stockard owns it?
Oh, I don't know.
If the land was legally severed
and you paid for it,
then it's yours.
So you would have to have
a sales agreement
and a proof of the severance,
right?
Well, yes,
I've seen the document.
Do you have any idea
where it might be?
No. But it has to be
in this house,
because your grandfather
saved everything.
He never threw anything away.
Okay. Then we'll just have to
look for it.
Maybe we should call Edward
Colvin, he's a very nice man.
He's the Stockards' lawyer.
I'm sure he has a copy.
Yeah, that's a very
good idea, Nana.
A very good idea.
Let's go.
How could Stockard own the
rescue center?
It doesn't make any sense.
It's clear as day.
It was built on Stockard property,
so your parents owned it.
Yes, but it has to be a mistake.
My parents never said that
they owned it.
In fact, they always referred to
it specifically as Lily's place.
Well, I guess it was
Lily's place
if she ran the shelter,
but for all we know, your
parents built it.
Lily has no claim to something
that was never hers.
So, what happens now?
You've already cut off their sponsorship
and now they find out they don't
even own the place.
I'm not a heartless woman.
I gave them 60 days' notice
to vacate.
That should be enough time.
60 days?
You realize it's a dog rescue
center, right?
That's... Rachel,
that's completely unreasonable.
Look, JR, I love dogs
as much as anyone,
but Stockard owns it,
and I've purchased Stockard.
Yeah.
Thank you for seeing me on such
short notice, Mr. Colvin.
Oh, anything for your grandmother.
She tells me that you represent
the Stockard family.
I do. Unfortunately,
I wasn't their lawyer when this
transaction occurred.
But after your call, I did
a search at the land registry,
and oddly enough,
there are no records whatsoever
of any severance or sale
of the property.
How is that possible?
I have no answer for you, Bella.
Does that mean
there's nothing we can do?
Well, unless we can find Lily's
copy of the document, not much.
Of course, you could always
take it to court.
Hmm, that would cost a lot of
money, wouldn't it?
Possibly.
And I have a feeling Rachel
Montgomerie would fight us
every step of the way.
Well, I guess the best bet is
just to search through
my grandfather's old storage
boxes, then.
I'm very sorry that you
have to deal with this.
And please, give my very best
regards to your grandmother.
I'll come by the center
someday soon and say hello.
I'm sure she'd really love that.
Well, thank you again
for seeing me.
You're quite welcome.
Lily: Oh, I have no interest
in going to court,
and it would cost a fortune anyway.
I know, we'll just focus on sponsorships
and we will get through this.
Yep. And Pooches in the Park
is coming up,
and that's always a big success,
right?
Yeah, we'll just have to make it
a little extra this year.
Yeah.
Are you still looking for birds?
Yes, I was.
I remember when you built that birdhouse.
Aww, she likes you.
How are you? Yeah.
Hi.
Aww, honey. Good to see you.
It's good to see you too.
Oh. How long has it been?
Far too long.
I miss your mom every day.
So do I. And I'm really,
really sorry
to hear about what's happening
with the center.
She never would have let
something like this happen.
And Lily, if I had known--
Oh, it's not your fault, JR. Honestly.
Well, if there's anything I can
do, please just let me know.
Well, as a matter of fact,
um, there might be.
Oh.
I'll tell you what,
I'll walk Indie
and I'll let you two talk, okay?
Come on, sweetie.
Don't be a stranger, JR.
I promise I won't.
Do you think maybe we could
start over?
I think that would be nice.
Uh, you hungry?
Want to get something to eat
or some coffee?
Yeah. I know a really nice
place, really close by.
- Okay.
It's funny how I grew up right
next to the center
but I never really understood
its value.
To me, it was just a park with
lots of cute dogs, puppies.
Did you ever come over
to see it?
Yeah, I was there practically
every day.
My parents worked a lot,
so the grounds became
my playground
and the dogs were my
best friends.
Your grandmother became like
a second mother to me.
Yeah, she's amazing.
I used to come out here every
summer growing up.
I couldn't wait for school
to be out.
You know, I'm surprised
we never met.
Well, I'd go stay with
my grandparents in Cambridge
during the summers,
and after high school I left.
Did you not like it here?
Small town life?
No, it wasn't that.
My dad died 10 years ago
and my mom didn't really want
to stay here any longer,
so we packed up and moved
back to Cambridge,
and she handed management
of the company over to Dale.
I think she held onto the
business, though,
hoping that one day I might
come back and run it.
And you didn't want to do that?
I wanted to see the world,
so I went to military college.
Joined the army.
Oh. Are you still with
the military?
Yeah, I'm stationed in Belgium.
I came back here with an
extended leave
to deal with the sale.
Wow.
Is it hard? Selling, I mean.
I always knew
this day would come,
but it does feel different now
that it's actually here.
But how about you?
Where are you from?
I grew up in Vancouver.
Big city girl.
No, not really.
I'm a country bumpkin at heart.
And I lived for
coming out here as a kid.
Who wouldn't want to play with
puppies all day?
I agree.
And then after I graduated
from high school,
I went to university
to study dance.
Do you still dance?
No, shortly after I graduated,
I got injured,
so I had to stop dancing.
I'm sorry to hear that.
That's okay.
I thought about my life
long and hard after that,
and I decided that this was
where I needed to be.
So, I packed up all my stuff,
said goodbye to my parents.
Here I am, four years later.
Any regrets?
Uh-uh.
Not one.
Even despite the current situation.
It's a minor setback.
I'll sort it out.
I owe it to my Nana.
What can I do to help?
Well, uh, Nana said that she and
my Grandpa bought the property
from your parents 25 years ago.
It was legally severed and there
was a document to prove it
but they can't find any record
of it or the sale.
Is there any way your parents
would have kept a copy of it?
I don't know,
but I'll definitely look.
I'll see if I can find it.
Thank you.
Well, how did your talk
with JR go?
Oh, yeah, it went well.
Um, he was actually really nice.
He said he's going to see
if he can find a copy
of the severance for us.
You know, I am sure
that his parents or somebody
at the company must have
had a copy.
Yeah, well, in the meantime,
we have a lot of boxes
to go through,
and we'll get through it.
Lily: I know we will,
and thank you.
But right now I'm more worried
about getting more sponsorships
for the dogs,
so we can keep going.
Well, we could always start a
company selling your dog treats.
All the dogs love them.
You know what? I am not
a "standing in the kitchen,
"baking cookies"
kind of a gal, Bella.
Says the woman who does it
almost every single day.
Well, that's because
I love my puppies.
Ah-ah! Last I checked,
you weren't a puppy.
Aw, but they smell so good.
Oh, I talked to Jill today.
Who? Jill from the TV station?
Yeah, she loves the rescue program,
and she's going to give us some
coverage for the fundraiser.
Oh!
Never a dull moment.
We'll take them back.
It's okay.
Oh, I'm gonna miss this place.
Hey, don't say that.
We're gonna find this document,
and we're gonna sort this out,
okay?
Hello?
Hey.
Wow, someone is happy
to see you.
How are you? Nice to see you.
She's a special one.
Yeah.
Well, I have some good news.
I spoke to Dale,
and he was able to release
some funds
for your upcoming Pooches
in the Park.
Oh, wow. Thanks, JR.
We weren't expecting that.
Whoa. $10,000?!
JR, this is way more than usual.
It was the full amount left in
the sponsorship account
for the year.
Hopefully it helps.
Oh, it helps more
than I can say. Thank you.
You're welcome.
I'm also going to talk
to Rachel,
'cause I think
I can get her to agree
to a six month extension
for you.
Wow, that would be amazing.
I mean, if nothing else,
it would give us time to get all
of the dogs housed
and relocate if we need to.
Well, I'll talk to my contacts
and I'll see if I can drum up
some sponsorship support.
I take it you haven't had any
luck finding
that severance document yet?
No, not yet,
but I'm working on it.
Hey, do you want to help me get
these little munchkins
back to the kennels?
Yes, of course.
I very much do.
- For you.
- For me?
- Hello!
- Oh my goodness.
- Come on.
- Okay, buddy.
Yeah. Say goodbye to Nana!
All right.
Bye-bye, Nana.
I love you. Mwah, mwah, mwah,
mwah, mwah.
Okay, say your goodbyes.
- Bye, Lily.
- Goodbye.
Let's go.
Wow. This has changed
quite a bit
since the last time I saw it.
It's nicer than most of
the places I've lived lately.
You have a lot of military dogs.
Yeah, military and police.
- Ooh.
- Bye, buddy.
We'll take any dog, but
especially the working ones.
A lot of them are traumatized,
so we try to make this
as much like home as possible.
There you go...
Well, these dogs work hard.
That's all they know.
You seem familiar with them.
Yeah, some of my assignments,
I've worked alongside K9 units.
Then you understand them.
A lot of them are lost
when they get here.
Well, they're lucky to have
someone like you.
That's why keeping the shelter
open is so important.
Closing it is not an option.
I'm gonna do whatever I have to
to keep it open.
Do they even watch the TV?
Cat videos.
No baseball?
Not yet.
Hey, Jen, can you keep an eye
on the puppies?
- Jen: Sure!
- Awesome, thanks.
Bye, cutie. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think it's even nicer here now
than I remember.
Yeah, well,
my Nana and Grandpa
put every penny they had into
building this place.
Nana still does.
Lily:
Well, good news!
We just got a check from Solomon Construction,
and Mr. Solomon
is bringing his rescue pup
to Pooches in the Park.
Oh, that's great. And what about
Mr. Doshi?
- He's in too.
- Amazing!
Sounds like you're off to
a good start.
Bella: Yeah, well, we need as
many sponsorships as we can get.
Oh! It's Mr. Kelly.
Well, I'm going to head out,
go for a quick run,
and when I get back, I'll see if
I can get a few more, too.
Thank you.
If you want,
I can take her with me.
I'm sure she can use a run, too.
Uh, well, I actually have a
family coming by today
that I was thinking of
introducing her to.
Oh.
But there's... there's a lot of
other dogs they can meet.
Great.
I'll come by
and pick her up later.
Sounds good.
Indie, let's go!
- Bye, Indie.
- Bye!
Pickles is really sweet.
But we have a dog named Willow,
we're going to bring her in,
see how he responds.
- Yeah?
- She's so calm.
Isn't she beautiful?
Mom:
Yeah, she is.
I want to make sure
we find a dog that Ethan
can feel comfortable with.
Oh, of course.
I completely understand.
We do have a lot of dogs
that are well-trained,
but there's one military dog
who might be perfect.
She's really sweet.
Is she available to see today?
Unfortunately, no,
but she'll be back tomorrow.
In the meantime, let's see
how he and Willow do.
They seem to like each other.
Yes, Bella's Rescue Center.
That's great. How's tomorrow?
Say 11 am?
Excellent. We'll see you then.
Thank you.
Hey, Indie. Oh my goodness!
I thought you would have wanted
to send her back by now.
No, she was great on our run.
And then since we got back,
I've been talking on the phone,
and she's mostly been sleeping
on my boots.
I think she might like them more
than she likes me.
Well, as long as she's not
chewing them, we're fine.
I've made some appointments
for tomorrow.
There seems to be a lot
of support for sponsorship.
Oh, that's perfect!
Yeah, I was going to head back
and make some calls too.
Do you want to stay and have
quick glass of iced tea?
I just made a fresh batch.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, I would love that.
Come on, Indie. Let's go.
Hey, girl.
It's beautiful here.
I didn't appreciate it
when I was a kid.
And then coming back,
I realized just how lucky I was.
Hmm. Can I ask? Why did it take
you so long to come back?
I think after my father died,
I was a little lost.
And everything here
reminded me of him.
So I just didn't want to accept
the fact that he was gone.
I can't even imagine.
But joining the military
was one of the best things
that ever happened to me.
At first I was probably
running away,
but in the end,
I really found a purpose.
That's all you can hope for,
isn't it?
Finding your purpose in life.
How about you?
Have you found yours?
Yeah, I think I have.
I wasn't sure about it at first,
but when I came back
after my injury
and started working
with the dogs,
I just realized how much
I love it.
I admire what you do.
Thank you.
Well, should we get going? Hmm?
I've got some phone calls
to make,
and a few hundred boxes
to go through.
Yeah, yeah. I have a few to go
through, as well.
And I really hope that we can
find those documents.
Me too.
Well, maybe we can do this
again sometime.
I'll be here
for a little while longer.
I'd love that.
All right, Indie. Come on.
- Bye.
Come on, Indie.
Oh, yeah.
Hello. Bella, right?
From the dog place next door.
Yes, Rachel.
From the rescue center
next door.
Right, well, I'll let you
get on your way.
I have some business
to do with JR.
- Right.
- Excuse me.
Hi.
I was hungry, I thought you
might like to join me.
I wasn't expecting you today, Rachel.
I was in the area,
thought I'd drop by.
Is there something important
that you'd like to discuss?
You could have called.
Uh, yeah, there's one small
matter we need to discuss.
Okay.
There's a certain check
that was written earlier.
Rachel, that was already noted
in the sale agreement.
And you should know,
I intend to honor any
commitments that were made.
It's really no concern of yours.
You didn't have to give it.
I absolutely did.
I just don't want any hiccups
with the closing.
Well, I think if you would
consider giving them
a six-month extension,
the goodwill would go
a long way.
I'll think about it.
How did the adoptions go today?
Oh, well, Maddie made
two placements
and I talked to
the Veterans' Affairs
and there's an injured soldier
just recently returned
from Afghanistan, and she's
coming tomorrow with her family.
Oh, that might be a good fit
for Indie.
Aw, you're going to miss her,
aren't you?
Yeah, I am.
She's a sweet one.
We've got a lot of sweet dogs
here, don't we?
Yes, I know, sweetheart.
It's going to be really tough
letting them all go.
Yeah, well, it's always hard
saying goodbye to them,
but we can't give up
on the center.
You own this place
fair and square.
All we have to do is prove it.
Well, it might be best if we
don't take anymore incoming,
we just can't afford it.
And besides,
what are we going to do with all
of them when we have to leave?
What are we gonna do with us?
We have to have a place to live.
I know.
Let's just get through Pooches
in the Park first.
We'll raise as much money
as we can,
and then if we can't find
the severance papers,
we'll just find
the perfect place.
You keep me going, you know,
with your positive attitude.
You never give up.
Hmm, well, I just don't want
you to worry.
We've got this. Right, Cash?
Good morning.
Oh, hey! Come on in.
Thank you.
You're dedicated to these dogs.
Yeah, well, I love them.
All of them.
I see that.
Have you ever had a dog?
Yeah. Yeah, I had a few
when I was a kid.
And then every time a new dog
came into the rescue center,
I wanted to adopt it.
Do you miss having them?
You know, I didn't think I did,
but coming back here,
how do you not fall in love?
Bella:
Yeah, I know.
Listen, I'm about to head into
town for my meetings,
and I was wondering if I could
bring Indie along with me.
Bella:
Oh, um...
Yeah, I don't know if that's
the best idea.
She's just so new here,
and she hasn't really been
adequately socialized yet.
I think she'd be a great
ambassador for the center.
Plus, she'd really help with
my pitch meetings.
And I think she really likes
hanging out with me.
And you like hanging out
with her?
She's okay.
We understand each other.
Just don't get too attached,
okay?
You're leaving in a month.
Then what?
I won't get attached. I promise.
What about her?
She needs to be adopted
as soon as possible.
Well, I'm confident
she'll find a home.
Well, I have a family coming
back to meet her
at two o'clock today.
And there's a soldier
coming in as well.
She just got back from Afghanistan,
and Nana and I think that Indie
might be the perfect fit
for her.
I don't know if I'll be back
by two.
I will certainly try,
I'll do my best.
You wouldn't be considering
delaying getting back,
now would you?
Me? No. Never.
Okay.
I will see you around two.
All right.
Bye now.
Indie! Yes. Say bye!
She doesn't even miss me.
Good girl.
Go find Ed! Yes!
Hello!
Well, she's a beautiful dog.
Is she a soldier like yourself?
Retired.
But she's not mine,
just tagging along today.
Suitable ambassador, though,
I hope.
Yeah. Ah...
Good to see you, JR.
It's been a long time.
Yeah, it sure has.
I'm glad you could make it home
in time for the closing.
A lot of winding down to do
between the house
and the business.
I'm sure you'll be relieved to
have it all done.
You know, I thought would be,
but going through everything,
it's just starting to bring back
a lot of memories.
And it's been really wonderful
seeing Lily.
Mmm-hm. Have you met Bella yet?
Yeah. I've never met anyone
quite like her.
She just has so much
determination, and--
That's her. Yeah.
Tough time for her right now, though.
She came by to see me a couple
days ago about the severance.
Yeah, it's a bit of a disaster.
You didn't happen to find
anything helpful
in the closing documents?
No, nothing.
So is there anything I can do
at this point?
Well, you sold the place, JR.
Without physical proof of
that severance,
the rescue center and the house
belong to Stockard.
Nothing you or I
or anyone can do about it.
All right.
Well, let me know if I need to
come in and sign anything else.
Sure will. Yeah, and listen,
if you need any help further
down the line,
just shout, all right?
Well, there is one thing, actually.
Bella's annual fundraiser is
coming up next week.
She's going to need to raise
additional funds this year.
Pooches in the Park.
That's right.
Do you think you
could be a sponsor?
It really would mean a lot.
Oh, absolutely, of course. Yeah.
And I'll get the word out.
There's still a few people
in this town
who owe me a favor or two.
That's great. Perfect.
What's this one's name?
This is Indie.
Indie, come and see me.
Come here.
- Go say hi.
- Come here, sweetie.
Oh, you're a beautiful girl.
Here you go, Ethan.
It's one of our "Bella's Rescue
Center" t-shirts.
Ethan:
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I think Ethan has made
his decision.
I think so too.
It makes me so happy.
It makes everything we do here worthwhile.
Here you go.
And I'll get Maddie to set up
the paperwork,
and that way you can head home
with her today.
Thanks.
Hi, how are we doing?
Do you want to take her back?
Okay.
Hey, I'm so sorry.
We lost track of time.
I lost track of time.
It's okay, I actually think your
timing is perfect.
Everyone's already made their choices.
Volunteer:
And here we have Tundra.
Well, great. Okay.
I guess we keep Indie for
another day then.
Yeah. But I did warn you not to
get too attached.
I'm not getting attached,
I promise.
Mm-hm.
But are you free
for a little while?
Yeah, why, what's up?
I just want to talk to you
about something.
Okay.
And I got snacks,
so I hope you're hungry.
Oh, I like snacks.
So I spoke with my lawyer today,
Edward Colvin.
He mentioned that you came by.
Uh, yeah, is there anything new
with the severance?
No, nothing. Sorry, Bella.
I was really hoping that he'd
have something for us.
Not the case.
Well, I guess we'll just have to
keep looking then.
I guess so.
Isn't it funny how when you're
looking for something,
it's always the last thing
you find?
Yes, I've found that.
Yeah, and it was always right
in front of you.
Well, that happened to you.
You came back here and you found
what you were looking for.
Yeah, I guess so.
And what I was really looking
for was a picnic by the water,
and here we are.
How did you know?
Just a lucky guess.
Oh, well, we should cheers.
To, uh, to luck
and to finding what you're
looking for.
Well, can I offer you a glass of
Bridal Falls' finest water?
Oh, well, does it go well
with cheese?
Exquisitely.
Oh, I forgot to tell you!
I got a new sponsorship from
Victoire Champagne,
and the Guinness
world record holder
for the most bottles
of Champagne sabered in a minute
is going to come sabre some
Champagne for us.
Well, that is extremely impressive,
how did you manage that?
Ah, well, the holder of the
Guinness world record
is a good friend of mine.
Well, we'll be able to cheers
with the real thing, then.
Yes we will, and it definitely
goes well with cheese.
Okay, well, that's 24 boxes down
and 200 more to go.
Hey, good news, though.
We got four more sponsors today.
Amazing!
No commitment of dollars yet,
but I'm working on it.
That's great. Yeah, I'm going to
head downtown to see Chad soon.
His partner Jeremy
works in real estate.
Oh, that's great!
And, uh, what about JR?
How are things going there?
No luck yet.
Bella.
I'm not talking about
storage boxes
and finding a certain document.
Everything's fine.
Uh-huh.
Okay, what is this "uh-huh"
about?
Oh, you know, just a certain
very handsome young man
who just happens to be available...
- Don't go there.
- Why not?
Because!
You're right, he is very handsome.
Exactly.
But he's definitely not available.
Says who?
- Says me.
- Oh.
He's gonna be leaving
in a month,
we're never going to
see him again.
Okay, I have to go.
I'm so not used to seeing you
with a boyfriend.
He's not my boyfriend!
He's not my boyfriend.
Hey, Chad.
Hey, Bella! The usual?
Oh, yeah, thanks.
Bronwyn, berry blaster.
Bronwyn:
Coming up!
Oh, and I brought some more posters.
Oh, great!
Do you have a minute?
Yeah, of course,
anything for you, Bella.
So we need to make the fundraiser
a huge success this year.
I don't know if you heard
the news.
Yeah, JR dropped by yesterday.
He told me about
the severance problem.
I didn't know realize
you knew JR.
Yeah, friends from high school.
Oh!
What was he like back then?
Pretty much the same, except
then he couldn't wait to leave,
and now we can't get rid of him.
Lily.
Ed! For goodness' sake!
Oh, it's so good to see you!
Ah, it's been years.
Look, I apologize
for dropping in unannounced,
but I was talking to JR
and Bella,
and they were telling me what
had happened, and...
I'm so sorry.
Oh, Ed, you don't have to
be sorry, it's not your fault.
Well, I was really kind of
hoping that I'd be able to find
something to help you.
I mean, if we can't find it,
I guess we'll just have to make
the best of it and move on.
Mm-hm. Time to retire, perhaps?
Who, me? Oh, good heavens, no!
Oh, no, no, no.
Anyway, rescue dogs don't care
how old you are
or what you look like.
They just like lots of care and
lots of love,
so I'm good.
Well, look.
I really should get going,
I've got a meeting later on
with some people who might
be interested in bringing in
a sponsorship or two.
Oh, awesome! Thank you!
I really appreciate it!
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
- Great seeing you.
- You too.
Uh, Ed, I'm just going to have
a cup of coffee.
Would you like to join me?
I mean, if you have time,
of course.
Oh, well, that would be great.
- Great!
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Perfect.
- Come on in then. Yeah.
- Thank you.
Lily:
Well, there you are.
How did everything go today?
Oh, good. I talked to Chad,
and he's going to ask Jeremy
to look at some places
in case we need to find one.
Great, great.
Yeah. How was your day?
Well, um, Ed dropped by today.
Ed?
Edward Colvin.
And he is working on
some really big sponsors for us.
Oh, wow. That's amazing.
Why do I get the feeling
something is wrong?
Oh, no, no. I'm just...
I'm just a little worried about
Indie, that's all.
Why? She seems to be settling in
very well.
I know...
I just think it might
break her heart when JR leaves.
Indie's heart or yours?
Hi, Lily.
Lily:
Oh, hi!
Hi. Hi.
How's it going?
Good. Yeah, good.
I, uh, I was just wondering
if maybe you wanted to go grab
dinner with me.
Honestly, I'm getting a little
tired of going through
all these boxes, and then just
ordering takeout.
Well, um, maybe you could have
dinner here with us.
Oh, no, don't look at me.
I'm not cooking dinner
for you guys.
I've got leftovers, for one.
Okay, well, uh,
I guess we're
having dinner then.
Great. No complaints here.
Do you mind if I just take
a couple of minutes and change,
'cause I'm covered in dog hair.
No, no, no, take your time.
I've got someone
to keep me company.
Okay.
So rescuing military
and police dogs,
that's pretty specific work.
It was inspired
by my Grandfather.
He served in Vietnam,
and he was in charge of
the canine unit there.
When he came home,
he was really lost.
Nana said he was a shell of
the man that he'd been.
So the dogs saved him?
Yeah, I guess so.
And originally it just started
with him bringing home
homeless dogs,
but Nana said they really calmed
him and gave him
a sense of purpose.
So they decided to start
the rescue.
They named it after you?
Well, of course.
And when I was little,
I told everyone I owned it.
Well, now you do.
Whatever's gonna be left of it, yeah.
Well, you'll still own it.
It might look a little bit different.
I know, I know. I just...
I don't want to let
my Nana down.
It's hers and my Grandpa's
legacy.
And yours.
Eventually, I hope.
So what else is out there
for you?
Besides the rescue center
and work?
Any other big dreams
for your future?
Just to be happy.
Maybe start a family one day,
but for now,
my life is pretty full.
No boyfriend? No love?
Besides the dogs, of course.
Uh, no. No one.
I had a boyfriend in university,
and I thought we were going to
have our happily ever after,
but when we graduated,
he decided he didn't want
the same things,
so we went our separate ways.
And what, that was it?
You're just done with love?
What are you talking about?
I have puppies. Who needs men?
Sometimes you need people,
you know.
That special someone.
It's not that I'm against love,
I just...
I just want to be careful.
You know, I don't want to give
my heart to someone
unless I know
they're the right person.
This is my favorite
place to sit.
Well, it's very nice.
I can see why.
So what about you?
Do you have anyone special
in your life?
No. No.
Like you, I dated someone
for a long time,
and...
I moved around a lot.
Long-distance relationships
are difficult.
Yeah, I imagine it's complicated
being in the army.
I don't know where we would be
without all of the sacrifices
you make for our country.
I really admire that.
Well, I don't consider it
a sacrifice.
I'm glad to do it.
What about your future?
Do you want to settle down?
Yeah, I do.
I've thought about it a lot, actually,
since coming back here.
Just realizing how much
I miss my parents.
What about your parents?
Where are they?
They're actually on a cruise
right now.
It's the first trip
they've ever taken together.
They didn't even have
a honeymoon.
Well, sounds like they're proof
that a fairy tale ending
is possible.
I should probably say goodnight.
I have a TV interview tomorrow
for Pooches in the Park.
And Jill, the interviewer,
she wants to set up everything
in the kennels,
so I kind of need to figure out
what to do with that.
Do you want any help with it?
If you don't mind moving
furniture around
and decorating with me, then...
No, I don't mind.
I don't mind at all.
Okay! I would love the help.
Please join my interview.
Yes, I think this will work
just fine.
Welcome to Bella's Beat.
Tell us about yourself.
Hello, my name is JR Stockard,
and I like dogs.
Yeah, you did great.
JR here.
Hi, Edward.
Bella's Rescue Center has been
here for over 25 years,
and to date, they have rescued
and successfully adopted
a thousand dogs.
That's quite an impressive
record!
Thank you. Our mission has
always been to provide a home
for dogs that have been abandoned.
And over the last four years,
we've expanded our services
to include police and
military dogs.
That's admirable. And who do we
have here with you today?
This is Indie.
She recently served in Kandahar.
A soldier!
Is she available for adoption?
Yes, she is, actually.
She's settling in at the moment.
We're hoping to get her
an adoption as soon as we can.
But for now, she's acting
as our ambassador
for Pooches in the Park,
our annual fundraiser.
- Okay.
- Thanks, Maddie.
This will be demolished as soon
as we can secure the permit,
so just take that away.
Our new building is going to sit
right about here.
- Did you get the new drawings?
- I did.
I think you're going to want to
see this.
What is it?
Bella Pooches in the
Park is our annual drive...
Oh, it's that dog woman.
Bella: ...where we aim
to find new sponsors
and raise all of the finances
that we need
to keep the center open
year-round.
This year, unfortunately,
we've experienced
some unexpected challenges.
What is she trying to pull here?
Bella
In the meantime,
we need all the financial
support that we can get
in order to make sure that we
can provide the basics
for all the dogs we have here,
including these two new puppies.
Jill:
Hello, oh!
Come on in, Bitty.
On top of everything else,
unfortunately we have to move.
The company also owned
the land that Bella's Rescue
Center is on,
so we've been given notice
to vacate.
Listen to her! She's trying
to stir up trouble.
This is going to ruin me.
I want her stopped.
Call the mayor.
Get him on the phone. Now!
I want the permits to demolish
this place.
Jill If you want to
help Bella's Rescue Center
and these beautiful dogs,
then go to our website now.
JR
Hey, you've reached JR.
You know what to do.
JR, hi, it's Rachel.
I need to see you.
Actually, it's rather urgent.
I'm at my office, okay?
Bella: Oh, Indie was
the perfect ambassador.
I was so proud of her.
We already have over 16 adoption applications,
and our website is blowing up.
Wow. What would be really great
is if we can get
some more sponsorships.
And I'm really hoping that JR
can convince Rachel
to give us six months more.
Maddie:
Mmm-hm, let's hope.
Any news on finding
another place?
Uh, Chad and Jeremy are
going to help,
but we'll worry about that
after Pooches.
Speaking of which,
we have the meeting
with the volunteers at two,
so we should probably
head out soon.
Here's your coffee,
Mr. Stockard.
Thank you.
What do you think?
It's, uh, it's a different look.
I was hoping to take some time
to talk about you, and us.
Pardon me?
Not in a romantic way,
don't be silly.
I'm talking business.
A partnership.
Here.
We would work well together,
building my business,
integrating Stockard employees
with the new company.
Creating more jobs
for the locals.
First of all,
I'm not interested.
Oh.
Secondly, I'm in the military.
I'll be out of here
in a few weeks.
Long distance would be fine.
You could set me up with all the
Stockard contacts before you go.
The mayor, local politicians.
I want my permits approved.
And I think you can help.
Well, Rachel, I would be happy
to help any way that I can.
But I'll need you to give Bella
that extension in writing.
Why are you so concerned
about Bella?
We're doing her a favor.
How so?
Well, you just think about
my offer, please,
and I will consider that extension.
Hello?
Okay, I'll see you guys later.
I've gotta go.
Hello?
Bella?
You do know those are dog
cookies, right?
All-natural, healthy ingredients,
but they're dog cookies.
Yes, of course I do. Obviously.
If it's not delicious,
why would you give it
to your dog?
Do you have any milk?
That's not gonna help,
you know.
That's not my fault.
There should be a warning
on them.
"Dangerously delicious."
"So good your people
will steal them."
Yes, they will.
- Lily, hi.
- Hello!
Hey, Indie! Hello.
Thank you. Listen.
I wanted to come by,
let you know that I had an
interesting call
with Ed Colvin today.
Are these human cookies?
Yes, you're good to go.
Edward's been trying
to track down the lawyers
who represented my parents
25 years ago.
He finally found the firm.
Unfortunately, the lawyer that
represented them passed away.
But they sold the practice
to a new lawyer,
He's reached out to her,
got in touch,
and they have a meeting today.
Oh!
Nana, this could be really
good news.
I mean, if she has files that
prove that the land
was legally severed and
you paid for it.
Well, I know I did.
I know, and I believe you,
but if we can't prove it,
we're kind of in trouble.
Well, all right, in the meantime
while we're waiting,
we're just going to dig
a little deeper
into those storage boxes
and hope that we can find it.
Well, I still have a lot more
to go through back at the house
and I'm going to get back
to it tonight.
Oh, thank you. Thank you.
Lily, you're very welcome.
Ah! I saw that. As soon as
I walked in the door,
I knew you were a dog cookie stealer.
Guilty. They're delicious.
Bye! Bye, Indie!
Crowd:
Save Bella's Rescue!
Have you contacted
the mayor yet?
Yes.
And are the permits ready?
Not yet,
but they're working on it.
Working on it? I don't pay you
to work on it.
I pay you to get things done.
There's a woman here to see you
from the TV station,
and there's protestors outside.
Protestors? What for?
To save Bella's Rescue Center.
I'm Jill from Bridal Falls TV.
Yes, yes, I know who you are.
I'm a very busy woman,
but I do turn the TV on occasionally.
That's great, because I wanted
to get a comment from you.
Our viewers were very upset
seeing Bella on television--
Oh, Bella, lovely woman.
I understand that you have given
her notice to vacate,
and very little notice, at that.
Well, that was
a misunderstanding.
I mean, you know how these
things can happen.
All I can say is that we are
here for Bella.
I mean, we support the center,
and I will personally do
everything in my power to help.
So you have the authority
to fix this.
You will find that I am
a very reasonable
and compassionate woman.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I'm also very busy.
Thank you for dropping by.
Could someone please
help her out?
No problem, queen.
I know how I came in.
Do you see why I need those
permits fast? Make it happen.
Right.
Bella:
Oh, thank you for this.
Of course.
So, how is everything?
No luck yet, but I still have
a lot more boxes to go through.
Oh, I, um, I meant for you.
I've been taking up a lot
of your time.
Well, I've enjoyed every
minute of it.
Yeah. This is the most normal
that my life has felt
in a long time.
Is it hard for you going through
all the storage boxes?
I mean, there must be
a lot of memories.
Yeah, it is.
I thought I could come back here
and just breeze through
everything in a couple of days,
never look back.
Well, the past has a way of
getting to you.
Yes, it does.
I don't think I realized that
until I came back.
Is that a good thing
or a bad thing?
It's a good thing, definitely.
Yeah, I mean,
if you think about it,
if you had never come back,
you never would have discovered
the dog cookies,
and a new diet, a whole new
perspective on life.
Exactly.
Soon I'm going to need one of
those cozy little dog beds.
Settle right in.
So Ed called,
he's going to drop by.
Just right about now, actually,
so I'm gonna get in there
and make some tea.
Nana, am I sensing some
excitement?
Maybe a little bit of a crush?
What?! No, don't be so silly.
I'm too old for a crush.
Hey, no one's ever too old
for a crush.
Besides, it has been five years.
I suppose it has.
- Have you seen this?!
- No, what?
People are protesting in front
of Rachel's office!
They're furious
that we have to get out,
they're appealing to the mayor.
Okay, this is what we need.
Right, I'm gonna go
make some tea.
Ed's coming.
Right.
Not Edward. Ed.
Ed.
She has such a crush on him.
That's a lot of cookies.
Are you planning on
buttering him up?
I-- oh, do you think?
Well, I know that he has
a sweet tooth.
Oh really?
Oh, you... Oh.
Hello, ladies.
Lilly: Hi! Hello.
Oh, are those for me?
Oh, these? Oh, no.
I brought these for Indie. Yeah.
And the other dogs.
Don't want to make anybody jealous.
Oh, you are such a kidder.
There you go.
Oh, those are beautiful.
Thank you!
Oh my.
We made sandwiches,
I hope you're hungry.
Oh, this looks wonderful.
Thank you!
Oh, good.
So, I, uh,
got this from the lawyer
I met with yesterday.
She found some Stockard files.
But this was
the only thing in there
pertaining to the severance.
It's just a rough, hand-drawn
plan for the severance.
So then there was an agreement,
or at least an intention.
Yes.
Well, if she found this,
maybe there's other files.
Well, I did ask her to look,
and she will.
Is there any chance we can
do another search at City Hall?
They already did, Bella.
Unfortunately, there was a fire
at the land registry office
around the same time
this transaction occurred.
A lot of documents were lost.
So there's no hope
of finding it?
Well, the lawyer is going to
continue searching.
And we still have a lot to look
through, and JR is looking.
So we'll find it.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you mind if I take that
over to show JR?
Oh, not at all.
I've spoken to him, it's fine.
Yeah. There you go.
Okay.
I'll take this over to him now.
You two enjoy your lunch.
Oh, thank you!
Yes, thank you.
Uh, well, dig in.
Well...
Come on.
Hey.
- Hi.
- Packing up already?
Um, just some additional files
the lawyers need.
Hi. Hi, booboo...
I guess I should have called.
Edward just dropped by,
and I wanted to come over and
show you the drawing.
Yeah, he called me
about this.
I guess it's just up to us now
to find it.
Is everything okay? I can go.
No.
I got an email
from my commanding officer.
I'm being recalled.
They're, uh...
They're sending me to Iraq.
Iraq?
Wow. Um...
When do you go?
Soon. Possibly within the week.
I have a call tomorrow morning,
and I'll know more then.
I, uh...
I knew you were leaving,
I guess I just forgot.
I thought we had more time.
I think part of me
kinda hoped you'd stay.
When I first got back here,
all I could think about
was leaving.
The longer I've stayed,
the longer it's really felt
like home.
I guess I didn't take
your advice.
I got attached.
Yeah. Um...
But I didn't really listen to
my own advice, either.
I've gotta go.
Bella, please. Please don't go.
JR... I don't want to make
a fool of myself.
I'm not good at this.
Listen, I'm still here
for a few days.
I'm going to make sure that
everyone who committed
to a sponsorship follows through.
If that document is here,
I still have boxes to go
through, I'm gonna find it.
Thanks.
That means a lot.
Come on.
Oh, there you are.
I was wondering where you were.
What's wrong, sweetie?
Nothing.
Really, and how long
have I known you?
Too long, apparently.
Look, I know a sad face
when I see one.
Does this have something
to do with JR?
No.
Maybe.
Look, I know that
you've been hurt before,
but you can't hang onto
that forever.
Sometimes...
I don't know, you just have to
let go and trust somebody.
I know.
And I have.
But I can't just give my heart
to someone who's leaving.
Sorry, sweetie.
I just have
stronger feelings for him
than I ever could have imagined.
I really didn't want that
to happen.
Yeah, well,
that's what love does,
doesn't it?
Sometimes the heart
just chooses its own path.
Yeah.
Thanks for coming over
on such short notice.
Yeah, no problem.
Let's just hope
we can find this.
I hope so.
It's the last thing I can do
for Bella before I leave.
I guess Iraq was a deal breaker?
That and I'm out of here
before the end of the week.
You're gonna crush her heart,
you know.
Look, I've known her
a long time, and...
She's avoided relationships.
Then you came along.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Hi.
Surprised to see you here.
Especially without Indie.
It's been, what, a day,
and I miss her already.
Yeah, I'm sure
she misses you too.
Yeah. Do you want to grab a
coffee or something?
Uh, I was actually just
going to head over to City Hall
to check the land registry.
I want to make sure
nothing was overlooked.
Chad came over last night.
We were up almost all night.
We went through all the rest
of the boxes.
Any luck?
I'm sorry.
Well, I still have some of my
Grandpa's stuff
to go through, so...
There's still a little glimmer
of hope.
Maybe I can--
Maybe I can come over later
and help you?
Um...
Yeah, I-- I don't think
that's the best idea.
It's just going to confuse
Indie, so...
Right, of course.
How are things going with
her adoption?
Good, good.
Yeah, we... we had a lot of
interest after the TV show,
so I should be able
to get her placed
in the next couple of days,
which will be
the best thing for her.
Especially with the move
coming up.
Yeah, I suppose that's true.
Do you want a ride to City Hall?
I'm just parked back there.
City Hall is right there.
Yes. Yes, I knew that.
I absolutely knew that.
It was, um,
it was nice to see you, JR.
Yeah.
Grandpa kept absolutely everything.
Yes, except for the one thing
we need, apparently.
Well, at least all this purging
will make moving easier.
Thanks for staying so positive, Maddie.
This came in this morning.
Thought you might want
to see it.
Oh.
Lily:
Come on in, JR!
Come on in.
- Hi.
- Lily: Hi.
Hey.
Hi, girl. Hello.
Maddie, do you want to help me
put the dogs to bed?
- Yes.
- It's time.
It's way past their bedtime.
Come on, sweetie.
Good to see you.
You too.
Lily:
See you guys later.
Good night, Lily.
- Good night.
- 'Night.
I know.
I know that it's a bad idea.
Nana called you, didn't she?
Perhaps.
She said you have a lot to do.
Let me help.
I'd really appreciate that.
Thank you.
Well, uh...
now I know why
she loves you so much.
Do you want me to go?
No.
I'm really glad you're here.
Stay. We'll go through
all of this, okay?
Oh...
More pictures?
I was very skinny
and I had black hair.
It was not...
You know what?
It grew back.
This was a great shirt.
Can I see?
Yeah.
Oh my.
Have you been up all night?
Well, there was a...
There was a lot to search through.
And you didn't find anything?
No, there's nothing here
on the severance.
Well, if it's not here,
and it's not at the lawyer's,
there's just one more
place to look,
and that's your house, JR.
And you've looked through
everything?
Yeah.
If those papers were there,
I would have found them.
I'm so sorry, Lily.
Well, then I guess we just have
to face the facts
that it's all over.
I'll make you guys some coffee,
okay?
You did everything
you could, JR.
So what happens now?
What happens to Indie?
Uh, well, I have some temporary
foster homes for the dogs,
and, uh, Indie will stay with me
until we can relocate,
unless she's adopted.
That's gonna be
really hard on her,
she's very attached to you.
Yeah.
She's even more attached to you.
Well, I should get going.
I've got some personal stuff
I have to pack up.
Okay.
Um, what are you going to do
with everything in the house?
There's a lot of stuff there.
Yeah, well, I'll have the movers
pack everything up
and move it into storage
until I figure out what
I'm doing.
Good, good.
Bella, can I see you again
before I leave?
JR...
I can't do this.
I promised myself that I would
never let anyone
break my heart again.
Bella, I...
I hear you.
But please, I've never felt
like this before,
and just please tell me
that we can talk about this.
There's got to be something
we can do.
What's the point?
I mean, you said it yourself.
Long distance relationships
are too hard.
So what, we're just
going to drag this out longer?
I think, um,
I think maybe it's best
if you go.
Okay.
Yes.
Yeah. Yeah.
I know.
Ah! Yes! Edward, it's JR.
...really glad...
These are the architects
I told you about.
Excellent, would you just
give me a moment?
Sure. Why don't you guys
start in the kitchen?
Thank you. Okay.
Listen, I have found
something that I think
you'll really want to see.
Yes, I am--
I am very excited.
If it's okay with you, I'd love
to come over right away
and show it to you.
Are you-- are you free?
Yes? Great.
Excellent, okay.
All right, okay, bye.
Sorry, I didn't realize that we
had a meeting today.
Yeah, we did.
Um, if you don't mind, something
important has popped up.
Is it all right if I leave you
here to do your measuring?
No problem.
Hey, I'll talk to you before you
leave for your tour.
Yes, you will.
- Okay.
- Bye.
JR, come on in.
Thank you.
So, you're on your way?
Looks like it. Yeah.
These past few weeks have been
a roller coaster ride.
Changed my life, really.
This is about Bella, isn't it?
She's the most amazing woman
I've ever met.
Well, sometimes these things
happen to us
when we least expect it.
Yes they do,
and now I'm
up against the wall.
On the one hand,
I've got the woman that
I've completely fallen for,
and on the other,
the career that's been the
mainstay of my life.
Well, couldn't you have both?
Not in this case.
Bella deserves somebody
who's there for her,
present, in her life.
I guess I'm just not that man.
I'm sorry to hear that, JR.
I guess sometimes things
don't work out the way we plan.
Sometimes they do.
I found the severance papers
that we've all been
searching for.
I figured if I can't be
here with Bella,
at least I can do something
to save the center.
That is the best news
I've heard in a long while.
Lily is going to be so relieved.
It's not here.
That doesn't make any sense.
It was right on top.
Are you sure?
Yes, it was marked
"Stockard copy."
Please don't tell me I've lost
it after all this.
How could I have lost it?
I don't believe it.
There is another copy.
It's Lily's.
Take a look.
Ed:
Looks like the real deal.
You can make sure
it gets to Bella?
Can't you deliver it yourself?
No, I don't think
that's a good idea.
When are you on your way?
Today. No sense sticking around.
JR, uh,
one of the things I've learned
in this life
is that love is precious.
And if you're lucky enough
to find it, my friend,
never let it go.
Rachel. Hi.
What a surprise.
That's me,
always full of surprises.
Can I give you a tour?
Yeah, I'm not so comfortable
with dogs.
Well, I'd happily give you a
tour of our indoor facilities.
Most of the dogs are out for
their walks right now.
No, it's fine.
In a few weeks,
it will all be bulldozed,
so it doesn't really matter.
Uh, what about the extension?
The extension?
Didn't JR talk to you about it?
Oh, that.
Rachel, if we could
just have six months,
it would be so helpful.
Yeah, I was just talking
to JR about it.
As a matter of fact,
I just came from his house.
We have a lot of big decisions
to make now,
and we both decided that
it's really not in the best
interest for the business.
I'm so sorry.
You've both decided?
Of course.
Oh, I've asked JR
to come into business with me.
I think we'll make a
fabulous team.
Isn't he going to Iraq?
Yeah, but I don't mind a
little challenge.
Oh! I have a little donation
for you.
To help you with the move.
It's the least I can do.
And I can have my people
arrange a truck.
I'm sorry. Is this a joke?
I'm just trying
to be generous, Bella,
do my part
for the rescue center.
I don't want your money, Rachel.
Please get off my property.
And don't think that your little
game with the protestors
will save you.
It's too late for that.
Good luck with the move.
Oh, would you mind just taking
those over to the raffle booth?
Thanks.
Hey, I didn't see JR
around today.
I thought he would come over
to help set up for tomorrow.
Uh, yeah, he's not coming.
Not coming? Why?
He got a new assignment.
He's leaving for Iraq.
Iraq?
Oh my gosh.
How are you doing?
I just feel like
I should have known better.
But I still let myself...
Fall in love?
Bella... come here.
Come here, Eddie. Come on.
Yes...
There you go...
Come here. Good boy.
Good boy. Good boy.
You need me to do anything
before I leave tonight?
Um, no. I think we're good.
Okay, see you first thing tomorrow.
Sounds good.
Have a good night.
Maddie:
Good night, Lily.
Good night, honey.
Tomorrow is our big day.
The most exciting day
of the year.
Oh, it's hard to think
about leaving.
Your grandfather built
this place.
He really loved it here,
didn't he?
Yeah.
You know,
we started very small,
and nothing made him happier
than building more space
to accommodate more dogs.
Well, you built a really
beautiful place here.
We sure did.
And a pretty beautiful life together.
Now it's time
to say goodbye.
Not to just this place,
but to your grandfather.
I don't know if I'm ready
to do that, sweetie.
Oh, Nana.
Everything here
is a piece of him.
He'll still be watching
over you.
Yeah, I believe he will.
We're gonna get through this.
You and me.
The Rachels of the world
better watch out.
Yeah.
'Cause we're a fierce team.
I love you.
I love you too, kiddo.
Thanks.
Make sure you come out today to
Pooches in the Park
to support
Bella's Rescue Center.
Hi, fellas! Hi, Ethan!
- Hi.
- Hi, Willow.
How are you enjoying
having her?
I really love Willow.
Oh, I'm so glad.
I'm so glad.
I'll catch up with you guys
in a little bit,
I'm just going to do my rounds.
Hi.
Hey.
Thank you guys so much
for coming.
I'm so glad you guys are here.
Well, you two enjoy the day.
I'll run around a little bit,
but I'll catch up with you
in a bit.
No problem.
Okay.
Hey, Bella.
Hi!
Are you all ready?
Oh, as ready as I'm gonna be.
- You?
- Absolutely.
I've done a few interviews already
and the people are raving
about the adoptions.
Oh, that makes me so happy
to hear that.
Especially your soldier.
She said when she returned
from Afghanistan,
her world turned upside down.
Her new little friend is helping
her deal with her PTSD
and keeps her calm.
Ah, well, these dogs are
miracle workers.
I've gotta get back to my
camera, I'll see you later.
Of course. Thanks, Jill.
Nana.
Oh, Bella, hi!
Look what you've achieved, huh?
Look at this.
Oh, well, it wasn't just me.
We're a team.
You, me, Maddie,
I could not have done this
by myself.
Well, you worked really hard and
you made this happen.
And I have some really
good news.
What?
Well, I think maybe Ed would
like to tell you himself.
Well, you remember that
long-lost document
that we were all searching
high and low for?
Where did you find this?
JR found it.
He asked me to give it to you.
Does this mean
we don't have to move?
We don't have to move, Bella.
Oh, honey!
Oh...
Get in here!
Get in here! Oh dear.
Listen to that music!
That just makes me want to kick
up my heels.
- Well, okay?
- What do you think?
I'm in!
Oh, what a day.
What a day!
Maddie!
I have the best news!
I know! Lily told me,
but I was sworn to secrecy.
Well, it could not have been
a better surprise.
I have something else
to tell you
but I have to go to the kennels.
- Yeah, I'll come with you.
- Okay.
So what was the thing
that you wanted to tell me?
I got an adoption application
for Indie.
Oh.
Isn't that what
you wanted?
Yeah, I guess.
But?
I'm-- I've just become really
attached to her.
It's gonna be hard
to let her go.
I know. I'm sorry.
It's okay, I knew in my heart
that this was gonna happen,
I'm just never really
prepared for it.
Well, they're in the military,
and they've been here
a few times,
and they like Indie.
Okay.
Well, I'd like to meet them
before everything is finalized
to make sure Indie
is happy too.
Of course, and I was really
careful with the screening.
Okay. I'm just going to
take a second.
Okay.
Hi.
Hey.
Wow, today is full of surprises.
I just wanted to see you again.
Well, I'm glad you're here.
Thank you for finding this,
for saving the center.
How's everything going with
the fundraising?
Uh, good, yeah.
Sponsorships and donations
are over the moon,
thanks, in a weird way,
to your new partner, Rachel.
What? Partner?
Yeah, she stopped by yesterday
to tell me
that you're going
into business together.
Wow, okay, that's not true.
Actually, when Rachel found out
that the sale
no longer included the center,
she threatened to back out.
She wanted me to destroy the
severance papers.
I said no, I wouldn't do that,
and she walked.
I'm keeping the company.
Wow.
JR, that's great.
I'm sure your parents
would be really proud of you.
Um, listen, good luck in Iraq.
I'm really glad I met you.
Who knows, maybe one day
we'll see each other again.
Bella.
A very wise man
recently told me something
that really opened my eyes.
He said that if you're ever
lucky enough to find love,
don't ever let it go.
Bella, I love you.
With all my heart.
JR...
I can't say it back.
You're leaving,
and it's just going to make my
heart break even more.
I'm not leaving.
You-- you're not?
I requested a transfer to
the local reserves.
The paperwork is being processed
right now.
Are you sure that's what
you want?
I've never been more sure of
anything for my entire life.
Because I'm in love with you.
I love you too.
Just one more thing.
I adopted a dog.
Hi.
Thanks, Maddie.
Good girl.
I couldn't leave her either,
so I'm here to stay.
For you, for Indie.
For us, if you'll have me.
Of course I'll have you.
Yeah?
Yeah!